Finally high school baseball of the summer next month begins finally
It is likely that Niigata group will cause a renewed whirlwind recently
Entering the Beast for Two Adults Last year Niigata Meikun was the best 8 and steadily at Niigata high school baseball
You seem to feel that the level is up
The first-ever high school baseball women's staff was born in the prefecture in that this is
Actually there is a rule that girls can not go to Koshien
Work up a sweat with his team-mates in spite of it
Women's baseball players dream of Koshien cameras were chasing
It is a winding general high school baseball club in Nishi-ku ward, Niigata City
A woman vulgar with a single spirit surrounded by male members v
Matsumoto is Barber's
Mr. Matsumoto is a freshman who just entered this year
pleasant
Press
When taken the ball love Nde feels good and to good feelings strike
I started playing baseball from the third grade of elementary school under the influence of my brother
Mr. Matsumoto's goal is thank you today double players 9 players
I think that there is only a baseball club if it enters
Even though I entered high school, I was Matsumoto, who was keen to do my best with my favorite baseball
Join the club to an unprecedented men's baseball team was not never easy eyes
the first
Once because I was worried about whether or not get along is declined
I wanted to see the company's pottery went out and asked
Mr. Matsumoto's enthusiasm moved the director
High school baseball club admission of prefecture active women was recognized
If you want to do your best, regardless of gender
I will tell you whether it is okay to let it go
Yeah yeah yeah
r
Position does not change at all in the second practice menu with abstinence
The manager's geki flies for immature play
Getz Get it
Outside the Bro
Hmm
Mr. Matsumoto's characteristic is the feeling that he will hit the ball absolutely
It means that you look at the ball well
We can make much anymore
Feeling
I have entered
The first was also that you do not get used in the only men's staff
But as a result of pursuing the white ball without losing
The teammate has also changed
Hmm
The first is working hard together towards Taiwan's first tournament I was puzzled Well
Mr. Matsumoto loves baseball anyway
The future will not take into university baseball field of view
As I thought at most, I went to the other side of my homeroom assistant tomorrow
I while consulting says you because
Myself have them determined during tomorrow of time
I can not neglect to study in university
The sense of purpose was also worked after studying hard for mop
I'm in the cab saying that I will put on the basic strength
I do my best without losing to boys
Good good
Matsumoto Matsumoto, who was a white uniform in high school, has a red uniform for this day
In fact, Matsumoto-san's two-legged pair of players
I belong to a different women's team from high school
First of all, fans are growing
it's ana
I think that batting is not effective for girls after all
Something like a feeling of quick response is very her
I think you have what that boy and not inferior
In the world of women's baseball, it has already been noted that it will become a major player in the future
But women are also good please put out your support
Still, the greatest yearning for her is Koshien
I am wearing under the bench
However, no matter how much the level is improved, the current rule is that girls can bench in high school baseball
It is a great dream to enter
It also Hey also everyone in the there is a thing that does not come out in that lecturer songs provisions
Because it is so I what you are doing in the rule it want to say Well for now
If you do not do it
It is an official game from elementary school baseball to professionals There is a rule that women can not participate
It is only high school baseball
I think it's not far, but I think it will take some more time
Delicious Iiiiiiiiiiii I Huh N'
hey its bend goodbye
Matsumoto-san's expressions and everyday hard work
It seems to be a good stimulus for male members and synergetic
I think it's the best finish these days, but I'd like to have a bench on the bench
Well, that 's a pampee, so that's Benz That
Get support from the stand
Koshien is a dream for girls now
But I am still a high school first grader
I practice and suffer
I want to try tax payment
I want to go famous is the Koshi garden was Tappei in high school
ni
I want to be on the official game bench before I graduate
Mr. Matsumoto's challenge to continue to believe in the potential continues
I say I want to believe this also To perky sounds like appeared all her feelings to the word
But I I think that's quite a talent but is that the play democratic pin
Do not far the day when all the waffle woman who longs hit a hit in the latter shall be and entrepreneurship of
May
The baseball Niigata tournament will start here on the 9th of next month